[cackles]
My darkness will swallow the
world, just you wait and see!
You think I'll lose to you?
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!
Roger's treasure belongs to me!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR]
In order to defeat one of the
Four Emperors of the New World,
the Straw Hats form
an alliance with Law.
Their current objective
is to destroy
a man-made Devil Fruit Factory
in the kingdom of Dressrosa.
Soon, Luffy becomes sidetracked
by a tournament with the
Flame Flame Fruit as a prize.
He's registered in the match for
Block C, which has just begun.
No one can stop us now!
[roars]
[NARRATOR]
Meanwhile, back on the Sunny,
Nami and the others have
a strange encounter.
[BOTH gasping]
[NAMI]
Okay, that is not normal!
[ALL whimper]
What happened here?
Why is everything all funky?
It's scary. I don't like it!
I'm more afraid of what
Franky'll do when he sees
the ship in this condition!
[footsteps]
[ALL gasp]
[GIOLLA grunting]
[ALL gasping]
[ALL scream]
Oh, no! It looks like it
happened to the door, too!
Must be a Devil Fruit power!
[NAMI]
What kinda fruit does that?
[BROOK]
A "Bad Taste" fruit?
[GIOLLA]
Oh my, this won't do.
What a drab little boat this is!
You fools have no
artistic sense at all.
What do you want with us?
Don't interrupt me!
Unless you want to
compliment my figure!
[BROOK, CHOPPER]
Not likely!
[PIRATES grunting]
Show some respect!
Don't you knuckleheads know
who you're talkin' to here?
This is the one and only Giolla
from the Don Quixote Family!
[laughing]
They're with Don Quixote?
My, oh my! Ohh...
I feel a stirring in my soul!
[cackles]
Inspiration!
It's flooding my senses!
[gasps]
[GIOLLA grunting]
It's a vision of
freedom and beauty!
And I'll bring it to life!
[GIOLLA grunts]
[CREW screams]
[NAMI screaming]
[CHOPPER grunting]
[MOMONOSUKE whimpering]
[BROOK sputtering]
[ALL]
Huh? Uh?
[ALL scream]
What's wrong with me?
[NAMI gasping]
[MOMONOSUKE gasping]
She made my face all stretchy!
I don't know much about art,
but skeletons are not supposed
to look like this!
[ALL screaming]
This is so tacky!
What did you do to us?
[laughs] I turned you
into masterpieces!
But I can't expect
pedestrian fools like you
to have an appreciation for art.
[cackles]
You think this is good?
Turn us back!
Yeah! This stinks!
Sorry, dear.
I like you this way!
But if you're that upset,
I'm sure we can
work something out.
Let me see...
I'll change you all back
if you hand over Momonosuke
and let me leave here unharmed.
Don't worry about
a thing, Momo.
We're not gonna
let her take you.
[GIOLLA]
I heard that!
Oh, my soul's stirring again!
Why, I've just been
inspired to make you all
even more beautiful!
Not again!
If we get any more distorted,
we'll be nothing but
blobs of paint!
What should we do?
[GIOLLA yelling]
[NAMI grunts]
[GIOLLA]
Huh?
They're gone!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE A]
They went down that hatch!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE B]
Should we follow them?
Oh my, oh my!
They're craftier than I thought.
[gasps] They won't get away
from me that easily!
How'd they do that?
[GIOLLA] If there's one kind
of artist I can't stand,
it's an escape artist!
Get back here, or I'll make you
into stick figures this time!
We don't have to listen to you!
It's not like you can
do anything to us
if you can't even reach us!
Yeah, what she said!
The joke's on you,
I'm already a stick figure!
[screams] This will not do!
[BROOK] She's gettin' mad,
just as we planned!
[NAMI] Yeah. If she keeps using
that weird power of hers,
the Sunny could end up
as a finger painting
or something else
ugly and useless!
I'm sure Franky will be
furious either way.
Do you think that we can fix it?
I mean, did you see what
happened to the mens' dorm?
It doesn't look good,
but for now,
the best we can do
is try to stop her
from screwing it up even more.
That's why we have to
keep her attention out here,
away from the Sunny! Come on.
Huh? Why is she going that way?
Is something over there, or--?
[GIOLLA growls]
This is so irritating!
All right!
It's time to bring it up!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES]
Yes ma'am!
[ALL gasp]
Wh-What is that?
It looks like
Doflamingo's submarine!
[NAMI] Ah. So that's how they
were able to get to us.
[MOMONOSUKE] They must've been
hiding in the fog before.
There's so many of them.
Looks like we're totally
outnumbered here!
[GIOLLA] Well, don't just
sit there, you buffoons!
Do something
before they get away!
I don't care how you do it,
just bring me Momonosuke!
[PIRATES groaning]
[PIRATES]
Yes! Right away, ma'am!
[GIOLLA cackles]
My soul is being bombarded
by such marvelous artistic
visions today! I want to create!
[GIOLLA grunting]
[CHOPPER]
Oh, no! She's doing it again!
Uhh! Excuse me! We're over here!
Yeah, aim this way!
Forget about the ship, we're
the ones you want, aren't we?
[laughs] I can see it! Another
vision of freedom and beauty!
[CREW]
No!
Now, let's all express
ourselves. Shall we?
[CREW grunting]
Uhh...
It's too late!
She'll ruin the Sunny for sure!
We're in big trouble!
[laughs]
Now this is true beauty! Behold!
The radiance of art!
[NAMI grunts]
The Sunny!
It's all messed up now!
[BROOK gasping]
[GIOLLA] Oh my, oh my! Heh.
Nice try, uncultured swine!
The Young Master has
instructed me to kidnap
Momonosuke and
commandeer your ship!
[GIOLLA cackles]
[GIOLLA]
And without your vessel,
you Straw Hats will have
to be very creative
to find another way
out of Dressrosa!
[GIOLLA laughing]
That's no good.
Our plan didn't work!
[BROOK groaning]
You should save yourselves
some trouble and surrender!
[cackling]
[CROWD cheering]
[RICKY] I don't need medical
attention! Get out of my way!
Please, Mr. Ricky.
We can't release you.
You need treatment.
Our job is to manage
the injuries
of all the competitors,
especially guests!
[RICKY grunts]
Treatment?
You let people kill each
other for an audience,
what do you care if I get hurt?
[gasps] Whoa!
Your head's bleeding!
Take your helmet off
so I can take a look!
[RICKY grunts]
Don't touch my helmet!
[RICKY groans, pants]
A-Are you all right, sir?
That looks painful.
I told you,
I don't need your help.
Open the damn gate!
We can't do that. I'm sorry.
His wounds are pretty deep.
We'd better hold him still!
[RICKY gasps]
[inaudible]
Let them treat you.
Your injuries are too serious.
[REBECCA]
Here.
[RICKY gasps]
[MEDIC A grunts]
[RICKY]
Move! I can walk on my own!
Uh, yes sir, take the stairs
down to the basement!
[RICKY]
Rebecca. I'm sorry.
[BELLAMY] Straw Hat is competing
as we speak, Diamante.
[CROWD cheers]
[DIAMANTE]
After the match is fine, then.
[BELLAMY gasps]
So Joker is ordering me
to murder Straw Hat now?
Doffy's a generous leader.
Even though you
lost the tournament,
he's giving you one more
chance to redeem yourself.
You should be happy
your task is so easy.
Make sure he's taken care of
before the competition ends.
You can do it!
Keep hangin' in there!
[DIAMANTE] You do want
to become an executive
of the Family, don't you?
[BARTOLOMEO]
So, Cavendish,
I heard you was tryin'
to off that Lucy guy.
[CAVENDISH]
Bartolomeo, was it?
Well done making it this far,
but my business with Lucy
doesn't concern you.
[BARTOLOMEO] That's where
you're wrong, pretty boy.
Lucy ain't yours to kill.
[BARTOLOMEO grunts]
Oh, I see. You want to.
He is hogging the limelight,
but no one else can touch him.
I'm going to kill him.
And you're no
exception to that rule.
You'll be in trouble if
you try to get in my way.
[laughs] Ooh, scary!
Let's just say, he and I
have a connection.
[GYATS] The contestants are
dropping like flies!
The battle for Block C's
getting interesting!
It's a battle of both
power and fortitude!
Even though it would appear
to be anybody's game now,
ladies and gentlemen,
you may notice that we
have one competitor
who literally stands out
from the crowd! Look!
[gasping]
[COMPETITOR A whimpers]
[yelps]
[COMPETITORS screaming]
This warrior is part of the
new generation from Elbaf,
the Giant country!
A Pirate Mercenary who's as
fearsome as he is large!
Give it up for Hajrudin!
[MAN A]
He's huge!
[CROWD mumuring]
[CROWD cheers]
You've gotta be 300 feet tall!
How is this a fair matchup?
[HAJRUDIN] If you think
I'm unstoppable now...
...just wait till I get my hands
on that Flame-Flame fruit!
With that power, I can be...
[COMPETITORS yelp]
...King of the Giants!
One punch and it's over!
Just like clockwork!
At this rate, no one'll be
able to beat this guy!
Huh?! Well, actually. Maybe
I should take that back!
We've got our out-of-control
bull running loose
in the arena, unfazed by
these tough contenders!
This wild beast once killed
21 death row prisoners
during a previous battle
in this very Colosseum!
A grim reaper through
and through,
let's hear it for our favorite
rampaging beast, Brutal Bull!
Yet despite his savagery,
one of our contestants seems
to have befriended him!
He's a mysterious newcomer,
but his strength and talent
makes him an instant
crowd favorite... Lucy!
[LUFFY]
Woo-hoo! Yeah, go, Moocy!
[LUFFY laughs]
[GYATS] Look at that guy go!
I'm rooting for him!
[GYATS laughs]
[ATTENDANT A] I told you,
you have to be impartial!
[CROWD cheering]
[groans]
Yeah, that's a good boy!
Run 'em over!
[CROWD cheering]
People love him without
even knowing who he is!
He's something else.
[LUFFY laughs]
Faster, faster!
[BULL grunts]
[LUFFY]
Uh... Huh?
Uhh...?
[gasps]
No way, are they really
gonna fight that guy?
You made a big mistake.
[LUFFY]
Crap! Moocy, run! Go!
[BULL gasps]
[MAN B]
No!
[MAN C]
The bull!
[WOMAN A]
And Lucy!
[GYATS]
This is a tragedy, folks!
Talk about a mismatch!
The rookie from Elbaf
is victorious!
[HAJRUDIN yelling]
Both of them in one swing.
That's such a
terrible way to go.
Sir, look over there!
[GYATS]
I can't bear to-- Huh?
[gasps]
[GYATS sputtering]
[HAJRUDIN]
Hm?
[LUFFY growling]
[GYATS]
Lucy just felled the Giant!
[NARRATOR] As the battle
for the Flame Flame Fruit
turns white-hot, Lucy faces off
against Destruction Cannon Ideo,
a fighter with unusually
massive shoulders.
Known for his devastating
punches that can launch
even Giants into the air,
Ideo poses a daunting
challenge for Lucy.
[LUFFY] On the next One Piece!
"Destruction Cannon Blasts!
Lucy in Trouble!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!